readme.md, before:

This repository contains material for the [LoveKnowsNoBorders](https://github.com/BozoDel/LoveKnowsNoBorders) project for the Portuguese language. Besides important information in this file, there's a glossary, three translation memory files, a Lua script and a search & replace step and a filter for Okapi Rainbox.

# Translation status

| Section                                  | Status                                              |
| ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| love.audio plus functions                | translated by BozoDel in 26 April 2014              |
| love.event plus functions                | translated by BozoDel in 2 September 2014           |
| love.filesystem plus functions           | translated by BozoDel in 14 September 2014          |
| love.font plus funcions                  | translated by BozoDel in 18 September 2014          |
| love.graphics plus *drawing* functions   | translated by BozoDel in 26 September 2014          |

Commit message:

started translating love.graphics' object creation functions

readme.md, after:

This repository contains material for the [LoveKnowsNoBorders](https://github.com/BozoDel/LoveKnowsNoBorders) project for the Portuguese language. Besides important information in this file, there's a glossary, three translation memory files, a Lua script and a search & replace step and a filter for Okapi Rainbox.

# Translation status

| Section                                           | Status                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| love.audio plus functions                         | translated by BozoDel in 26 April 2014              |
| love.event plus functions                         | translated by BozoDel in 2 September 2014           |
| love.filesystem plus functions                    | translated by BozoDel in 14 September 2014          |
| love.font plus funcions                           | translated by BozoDel in 18 September 2014          |
| love.graphics plus *drawing* functions            | translated by BozoDel in 26 September 2014          |
| *object creation* functions (under love.graphics) | translation started by BozoDel in 26 September 2014 |
